D:\CBS_LESSONS\CBS_CS\CBS_CS_Essential\C# Essential\020_Namespaces\Preprocessor Directives\ConsoleApplication1\obj\Release\ConsoleApplication1.exe
D:\CBS_LESSONS\CBS_CS\CBS_CS_Essential\C# Essential\020_Namespaces\Preprocessor Directives\ConsoleApplication1\obj\Release\ConsoleApplication1.pdb
d:\-=!!!InWork!!!=-\Lessons\C#Essential_Work\CBS_CS_Essential\C# Essential\020_Namespaces\Preprocessor Directives\ConsoleApplication1\obj\Release\ConsoleApplication1.exe
d:\-=!!!InWork!!!=-\Lessons\C#Essential_Work\CBS_CS_Essential\C# Essential\020_Namespaces\Preprocessor Directives\ConsoleApplication1\obj\Release\ConsoleApplication1.pdb
d:\-=!!!InWork!!!=-\Lessons\C#Essential_Work\CBS_CS_Essential\C# Essential\020_Namespaces\Preprocessor Directives\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Release\ConsoleApplication1.exe
d:\-=!!!InWork!!!=-\Lessons\C#Essential_Work\CBS_CS_Essential\C# Essential\020_Namespaces\Preprocessor Directives\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Release\ConsoleApplication1.pdb
d:\-=!!!InWork!!!=-\Lessons\C#Essential_Work\CBS_CS_Essential\C# Essential\020_Namespaces\Preprocessor Directives\ConsoleApplication1\obj\Release\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\-=!!!InWork!!!=-\Lessons\C#Essential_Work\CBS_CS_Essential\C# Essential old\020_Namespaces\Preprocessor Directives\ConsoleApplication1\obj\Release\ConsoleApplication1.exe
d:\-=!!!InWork!!!=-\Lessons\C#Essential_Work\CBS_CS_Essential\C# Essential old\020_Namespaces\Preprocessor Directives\ConsoleApplication1\obj\Release\ConsoleApplication1.pdb
d:\-=!!!InWork!!!=-\Lessons\C#Essential_Work\CBS_CS_Essential\C# Essential old\020_Namespaces\Preprocessor Directives\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Release\ConsoleApplication1.exe
d:\-=!!!InWork!!!=-\Lessons\C#Essential_Work\CBS_CS_Essential\C# Essential old\020_Namespaces\Preprocessor Directives\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Release\ConsoleApplication1.pdb
d:\-=!!!InWork!!!=-\Lessons\C#Essential_Work\CBS_CS_Essential\C# Essential old\020_Namespaces\Preprocessor Directives\ConsoleApplication1\obj\Release\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\CBS_LESSONS\CS\CS_Essential_RU\CS_Essential_RU\019_Namespaces\Preprocessor Directives\ConsoleApplication1\obj\Release\ConsoleApplication1.exe
D:\CBS_LESSONS\CS\CS_Essential_RU\CS_Essential_RU\019_Namespaces\Preprocessor Directives\ConsoleApplication1\obj\Release\ConsoleApplication1.pdb
D:\CBS_LESSONS\CS\CS_Essential_RU\CS_Essential_RU\019_Namespaces\Preprocessor Directives\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Release\ConsoleApplication1.exe
D:\CBS_LESSONS\CS\CS_Essential_RU\CS_Essential_RU\019_Namespaces\Preprocessor Directives\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Release\ConsoleApplication1.pdb
D:\CBS_LESSONS\CS\CS_Essential_RU\CS_Essential_RU\019_Namespaces\Preprocessor Directives\ConsoleApplication1\obj\Release\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\COURSES\CS\CS_Essential_RU\CS_Essential_RU\019_Namespaces\Preprocessor Directives\ConsoleApplication1\obj\Release\ConsoleApplication1.pdb
D:\COURSES\CS\CS_Essential_RU\CS_Essential_RU\019_Namespaces\Preprocessor Directives\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Release\ConsoleApplication1.exe
D:\COURSES\CS\CS_Essential_RU\CS_Essential_RU\019_Namespaces\Preprocessor Directives\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Release\ConsoleApplication1.pdb
D:\COURSES\CS\CS_Essential_RU\CS_Essential_RU\019_Namespaces\Preprocessor Directives\ConsoleApplication1\obj\Release\002_PreprocessorDirectives.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\COURSES\CS\CS_Essential_RU\CS_Essential_RU\019_Namespaces\Preprocessor Directives\ConsoleApplication1\obj\Release\ConsoleApplication1.exe
